---
title: "Magic 45"
date: 2011-10-07T17:27:00+00:00
author: Carlos
layout: post
tags: ["T-Shirt", Design, Clothing, "13 Icons of Horror", "Freddy Krueger", "Chucky", "Alien/Xenomorph", "Ghostface", "Hannibal", "Jason Vorhees", "Bruce (JAWS)", "Billy (SAW)", "Leatherface", "Michael Myers", "Pennywise", "Pinhead", "Predator"]
category: personal
excerpt: "In which I receive the latest tally of how many T-shirts I've sold."
---
Woot woot! I have no sold **18** more tees. That makes the total a whopping **45** and brings me a couple of steps closer to that **million** I was talking about [earlier](/blog/quarterly-sales). But no sun without a little rain. Now they need me to sign a Customer Design Suggestions Agreement, which seems (at least to my untrained mind) a bit foggy on the design rights area (which I wish to retain).. So, I'm going to have to think it over for a couple of days before I decide anything. If I don't sign it, my design will no longer be for sale at shotdeadinthehead.com, which would be a bit sad.

I'll probably let all (five) of you know what I decide. Obviously I might just be be my stupidity and everything is in the agreement, in black and white, clear as day.. but my inner sceptic is saying "this smells fishy..", and I have learned to trust in him even though he's wrong from times to times, because so far the statistics are still in his favour. But until clarity has been achieved here's.. again (yeah I know) the list of all my designs.. feel free to feed me by buying one (or fifty). But even if you don't where still awesome friends, so it's cool.

**EDIT:** T-shirts are no longer for sale from shotdeadinthehead.com. Links removed to avoid confusion. Sometime in the future they will be for sale again from carloseriksson.com. Stay tuned!

- Freddy Krueger  
- Chucky  
- Alien/Xenomorph  
- Ghostface  
- Hannibal  
- Jason Vorhees  
- Bruce (Shark(s) from JAWS films...)  
- Billy (Puppet from the SAW films)  
- Leatherface  
- Michael Myers  
- Pennywise  
- Pinhead  
- Predator